README.md, before:

# Getting Started

1. Refer to the `plans/base-plan.md` to get a broad overview of the plan for this prototype.
2. This is then factored out into separate plans for separation of concerns:

    1. file-structure-plan.md
    2. langgraph-agent-plan.md 
    3. database-persistence-plan.md
    4. chainlit-ui-plan.md

These plans serve as an initial starting point (a warm start), but are expected to undergo several iterations of revision.

## License

This project is licensed under the GNU Affero General Public License Version 3 (AGPLv3), the full text of which can be found in the `LICENSE` file.

In summary, this license grants you the freedom to use, study, share, and modify the software. If you distribute modified versions or make the software available as a **network service** (i.e., allowing users to interact with the software over a network without receiving a copy of the code itself, such as a web application, API, or SaaS offering), you **MUST** also provide the source code of your modifications under the same AGPLv3 license. Please review the full license text for detailed terms and conditions.

Commit message:

Update README to clarify revision process for plans and reference to `plan-sops/` directory for standards adherence.

README.md, after:

# Getting Started

1. Refer to the `plans/base-plan.md` to get a broad overview of the plan for this prototype.
2. This is then factored out into separate plans for separation of concerns:

    1. file-structure-plan.md
    2. langgraph-agent-plan.md 
    3. database-persistence-plan.md
    4. chainlit-ui-plan.md

These plans serve as an initial starting point (a warm start), but are expected to undergo several iterations of revision. When creating revisions to the plans, please consult the `plan-sops/` directory. If you don't want to adhere to these standards, that's fine as well; they mostly serve as guidance for planning and iterating with agents in IDEs like cursor.


## License

This project is licensed under the GNU Affero General Public License Version 3 (AGPLv3), the full text of which can be found in the `LICENSE` file.

In summary, this license grants you the freedom to use, study, share, and modify the software. If you distribute modified versions or make the software available as a **network service** (i.e., allowing users to interact with the software over a network without receiving a copy of the code itself, such as a web application, API, or SaaS offering), you **MUST** also provide the source code of your modifications under the same AGPLv3 license. Please review the full license text for detailed terms and conditions.
